Every day, attacks on U.S. cybersecurity threaten our national security.
These attacks are serious, and their ability to affect critical infrastructure - things like our hospitals, telecommunications, transportation, and energy - ultimately puts American lives at risk.
Decades of defects in our legacy systems and aging or outdated technology have left our software vulnerable,
making third parties and external vendors some of the most sought-after routes of attack.
The best line of defense for the federal government and our industry partners to guard against these attacks is implementing a zero trust security model.
Zero trust security refers to the model of requiring verification from everyone trying to gain access to a system, without having any default level of trust inside or outside a network.
Importantly, this applies to the full scope of the IT supply chain and should be applied not only to the government’s direct vendors, but also second and third order connections to government systems.
Oftentimes acquisition professionals are the first line of defense in mitigating supply chain risks
by including security clauses in contracts that require vendors to adhere to specific security standards and zero-trust principles and performing security assessments on potential vendors before awarding contracts
In practice, holding vendors accountable to this increased level of security has involved a wide range of policies, plans, and memos
designed around ensuring that the technology connected to our most critical infrastructure is safe and secure.
Please visit our website or get in touch to learn more.